Only death will cure a fool.
One’s act, one’s profit.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
Be the labour great or small, do it well or not at all.
If unreason comes, reason goes.
Repentance never comes first.
The sky speaks in a thousand colours.
A coin to a cat.
Wake from death and return to life.
Forever is composed of nows.
Arbitration in a quarrel is a godsend.
There is luck in the last helping.
There's no accounting for taste.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
Once a task is just begun, never leave it till it's done.
Giving up at the first sign of difficulty.
Change the world by being yourself.
Aspire to inspire before we expire.
Evil cause, evil effect.
Fall down seven times, stand up eight.
You may think I’m small, but I have a universe inside my mind.
The fallen blossom returns not to the bough.
The eyes are the mirror of the soul.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection.
Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible!".
The weak are meat; the strong eat.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Heart rather than appearance.
You are enough just as you are.
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
The more stupid the child the dearer it is.
Die with memories, not dreams.
Poke a bush, a snake comes out.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Everyone makes mistakes.
It is foolish to deal with a fool.
Different body, same mind.
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Farm when it's sunny, read when it rains.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Time flies like an arrow.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Ignorance is bliss.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
A bad wife is a ruin of her husband.
Forgive and forget.
A weirdo but I'm real though.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
You get what you give.
The environment makes our characters.
Perseverance is better than defeat.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Perfect is the enemy of good.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Don't let yourself be taken advantage of.
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.
Limit your "always" and your "nevers".
Happy people plan actions, they don’t plan results.
Fear is greater than the danger.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Cover the ears and steal the bell.
Good things, many devils.
Disappear without a trace.
Never perfect - always genuine. Be yourself.
Different strokes for different folks.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
Own who you are.
Who chases two rabbits catches neither.
Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.
A splendid child born from common parents.
Even a fool has one talent.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.
Spilt water will not return to the tray.
Love for all, hatred for none.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Drunken life, dreamy death.
To gamble as the dice fall.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.